on the cost of a pack of smokes per man
I made my usual 20% of course this
bigshot lawyer calls me long-distance
from Texas say yeah
he says sorry to inform you but your
brother just died
damn Byron I'm sorry to hear that
I'm not he was an asshole and off years
ago figuring for bed anyway so anyway
there's more your fella says I mean
brother died a rich man oil wells and
shit post a million bucks bucks yeah
fucking incredible how look at so many
souls gift jeez Louise you're gonna see
any of that 35,000 that's what he left
me dollars
holy shit that's great that's like one
in the sweepstakes you know some shit
what do you think the government's gonna
do to me take a big wet bite out of my
ass is what for family terrible fucking
lucky crying shame some people really
got it off you nuts
keep your eyes on your mom man yeah yeah
maybe enough to buy a new car and then
what I gotta pay tax on the car repair
maintenance
goddamn kids Esther neither take them
for a ride all the time at the end of
the year you figure the tax wrong you
got a pay him out of your own pocket
I tell you Uncle Sam he puts his hand in
your shirt the squeezing your tickle
it's purple music Amanda gets a break
getting this up jail guitar no brother
right mr. Hadley do you trust your wife
oh that's funny you gotta look funny or
sucking my dick with no teeth what I
mean is do you think she'd go behind
your back try to hamstring you that's it
step aside Mert this fuckers having
solve an accident you'll push them off
the roof because if you do truck there's
no reason you can't keep that 35 what
did you say thirty five thousand thirty
five thousand all of it all of it every
penny you start making sense if you want
to keep all that money give it to your
wife
the IRS allows a one-time only gift to
your spouse for up to $60,000 oh shit
tax free tax free IRS can't touch one
sent me that smart banker would kill his
wife aren't you why should I believe a
smart banker like you so I can end up in
here with you it's perfectly legal go
ask the IRS they'll say the same thing
actually I feel stupid telling you this
I'm sure you would have been best to
give them out of yourself yeah fucking
hey I don't need no smart wife killing
banker to tell me where the best shit in
the buckwheat
of course not but you do need someone to
set up the tax free gift for you that'll
cost you a lawyer for example butterball
washing best it's I suppose I could set
it up for you that would save you some
money if you get the forms I'll prepare
them for you nearly free of charge I'd
only have three beers apiece for each of
my coworkers coworkers
I think a man working outdoors feels
more like a man if you can have a bottle
of suds it's all in my opinion sir
what are you Jimmy staring at back to
work work
and that's how it came to pass but on
the second-to-last day of the job the
convict crew that tarred the plate
factory roof from the spring of 49 wound
up sitting in a row at ten o'clock in
the morning drinking icy cold Bohemia
styled beer crazy if the hardest screw
that ever walked a turn at Shawshank
State Prison pick up well it's cold
ladies the colossal prick even managed
to sound magnanimous we sat and drank
with the Sun on our shoulders and felt
like free men well we could have been
tearing the roof of one of our own
houses we were the Lords of all creation
as for Andy he spent that break hunted
in the shade a strange little smile on
his face watching this drink has been
Hey want a cold one Andy no thanks gave
up drinking
you could argue he'd done it to curry
favor with the guards or maybe make a
few friends among us cons me I think he
did it just to feel normal again
if only for a short while
you